# Feature Request

- REQUEST ID: FR-006
- DATE: 2025.12.25

## Abstract

The purpose of this FR is to correct the relationship between Pressings and Discogs Master Releases introduced in FR-005.

## Information

### Discogs

A Master Release in Discogs is not a physical release itself in the Discogs database. It’s essentially a grouping construct — a way to collect multiple versions of a release (e.g., different formats, pressings, countries, colors, reissues, etc.) under one umbrella so users can see all related versions at a glance. For example, all vinyl, CD, cassette or promo versions of The Beatles – Abbey Road can be grouped under a single Master Release.

Discogs allows — and sometimes requires — multiple masters for the same named album when the core release concept differs in a meaningful way, e.g., substantially different tracklists.

Examples:

- Bonus tracks added
- Tracks reordered
- Tracks removed or replaced

These would be separate Master Releases, even if both are called Abbey Road.

## Modification of Pressing data model

The Pressing data model should have the following modifications:

- Discogs release ID: Links the pressing to the release.
- Discogs Master ID: If this record repesents a release under a master, this field should contain the id of the master.
- Master ID: This field is obsolete and can be removed.
- Master Title: This field should contain the title name from the master release.

### Constraints

- If a pressing has foreign keys pointing to it, it is considered a master. REMOVE
- A master cannot belong to another master, or to itself. REMOVE

### Story #1

As a user, when creating a pressing, i want to have a button next to the album name. If the album has a Discogs ID, the buttonis enabled - otherwise it is disabled. When clicked, it should trigger a search in Discogs for releases for the album. The found releases should be grouped under the master title to make it clear what releases are related.

When I select a release, all fields on the Pressing modal should be filled if Discogs data is available. It should NOT be possible to select the master itself.

### Story #2

As a user, when viewing the pressings page, I want to see pressings grouped by master title.

### Story #3

As a user, when viewing the pressings page, I want to have pagination on:

- Artist level
- Album level
- Pressing level
