# Feature Request

- REQUEST ID: FR-005
- DATE: 2025.12.24

## Abstract

The purpose of this FR is to make the Pressing data model more compatible with Discogs Releases and Masters.

## Information

### Discogs

A Discogs Artist Release is directly translatable to a MyCousinVinyl (MCV) Pressing. A Pressing is a physical manifestation of a production run for a particular Album. An album can have more than one pressing associated with it, e.g., re-issues, limited editions, and anniversary editions.

The Discogs Master resource represents a set of similar Releases. Masters (also known as “master releases”) have a “main release” which is often the chronologically earliest.

## Expansion of Pressing data model

The Pressing data model should have the following fields added:

- Discogs release ID: Links the pressing to the release
- Discogs Master ID: If this record repesents a release under a master, this field should contain the id of the master.
- Master ID: If a pressing belongs to a master, this field should be a foreign key to another pressing in the MCV database.

### Constraints

- If a pressing has foreign keys pointing to it, it is considered a master.
- A master cannot belong to another master, or to itself.

### Story #1

As a user, when creating a pressing, i want to have a button next to the album name. If the album has a Discogs ID, the buttonis enabled - otherwise it is disabled. When clicked, it should trigger a search in Discogs for releases for the album. Masters should be clearly marked.

When I select a release, all fields on the Pressing modal should be filed oif Discogs data is available. If I have selected a master, I should see a checkbox to create all pressings (releases) belonging to the master. The checkbox must ONLY be visible during create - not on subsequent edits.

The creation of children can be submitted to a queue for background processing.

### Story #2

As a user, when viewing the pressings page, I want to be able to easily identify masters.
